CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
   Word Frequency Analyser

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
   This program will help users analyse text files by counting how many 
   times each word appears. This can be useful for understanding writing
   patterns, analysing documents, or identifying frequently used words in
   a text. It can be used by students, writers, or anyone working with large
   amounts of text. 

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
   I will learn how to work with text files, process data using dictionaries,
   and organise my program into multiple functions. I will also improve my
   understanding of loops, conditionals, and testing functions using pytest.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
   csv 
   pytest 
   string

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?
   read_file(filename)
   clean_text(text)
   count_words(words_list)
   get_most_common_words(word_dict)
   display_results(word_dict)

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
   test_clean_text()
   test_count_words()

